Graphs Algorithms 

The graphs are the most basic data- structure used  .These has the vertices and edges  .
Vertices :These are also called as the nodes  , these nodes represent the values . 
Egdes : These are used to connect two or more vertices .

Application of Graphs : 
1.These are used in social media application 
2.These are used in the Delivery applications .

Edges in the graph  :
1.Uni - directional 
2.Bi - directional  / Undirectional 

The uni-directional edge cannot move in both directions .
The bi directional or the undirectional edges can move in both edges .

The graph that only uni-directinal edges are callled as directed graphs  .
The graph that has both bi-or the uni directional edges is called as the un-directed graph .

Graphs that has weights  :
1.weighted graphs : That has weights 
2.un - weighted : That has no weights .

The graphs with the weighetd may be directed or maybe undirected  .

Representation of Graph in Memory  :
1.Adjacency List 
2.Implicit Graph -> 2D grpah
3. Edge list 
4. adjancecny matrix .
Type of Graphs :
1.Simple :  In this there are no loops , there are no parallel edge  .
2.Connected  : There is a path between  every pair of the vertices .
3.Directed  : There are arrows and directions on each of the edge . 

Undirected , Dis-connected and the complex graoh are the opposite of the above . 

Bipartite Graphs :
These are the Graphs that could be duvdieed into two parts and each of these are in the binjection , means the one one and the onto function in the bipartite graphs . 
The elemeent in the SET S1 and SET S2 are there is a one one ness between the two and each of the input in both of the set are fully covered . 

T(n) = A(n/b)  + n pow d

d = log  a  , base = b

The time complexity using the above recurrancer relation is n power log a base = b  

BFS : 
official defination  of BFS: 

An undirected graph G(V, E) is said to be bipartite if
V = A + B such that for every edge (u, v) ∈ E, u ∈ A if
and only if v ∈ B. The U AND V are the Bipartite set of the bipartite graphs .

Alternate Chracteriztion : Bipartite graphs are the one that is directed asnd has no cycles with ther odd number of vertices . 
The has to be no odd number of cycles in  the Bipartie Graphs .

Bipartite Coloring: Very very Important 
A common way to represent a bipartite graph is through bipartite coloring.
 Vertices in set U are assigned one color, and vertices in set V are assigned another color. All edges connect vertices of different colors.
